So the next thing which we need is the user input.
So how you get input from the user?
So using the scanner object we will write string input and which will be equal to the next.
Nine.
Okay.
So here pretty simply, we are just going to call one matter from.
We have called a string input and here we get the input from the of the user.
So whatever the user typed in, we are going to get that input and we are going to say it's equal to
in which our scanner object.
Right.
And we said our next line and as simple as that, at our next line, grab the next line from the console,
which is basically if I run this, I can show you.
So you can see our game's already set.
I know.
Just previously.
First here the setup kind.
Okay.
I know we're not finished yet, but you can see.
Welcome to the dungeon here and it gives your HP here.
What would you like to do with your enemy?
And so we are presented with the options and then we can type in one, two, three.
We are going to add some validation to make sure they have paid a valid option or not.
One and the two.
Three.
Do not.
So the next thing which you need a matter.
Which OC.
The next thing we need is the validation to make sure they have picked a valid option.
Basically when I click one and hit Enter or when I type an input and hit enter, it's basically after
you hit enter this input.
Here is what this mapper returns this next line.
It returns whatever you type after you press enter.
So in this instance, this string here would be stored in input and then we could do whatever we want
with so that.
So once we have the input we need.
So actually see what they want to do.
So I'm going to go ahead and use some statement.
So here we are going to see firstly if.
And here I will write in Dart equals and we have seen these string functions so as input equals when
we are going to do this and we are going to add LCF.
So firstly, I will start with the one condition here.
Here with two important goals.
One, we are going to do this this option that will.
Yeah.
We are going to add input articles to.
We'll do something else and then I'll have input articles and three.
We will do something else.
And then finally, we will have our final Elsa's Elsa statement.
Without that, if we saw if all else fails, we are going to do this.
This is going to be our validation.
So if it's not equal to be one or the two or the three, the user has not typed in anything valid.
And we are going to go ahead.
So the next.
Firstly, I will just start first.
Now what I have the first will be the Elsa.
So in start.
Equals here.
And just set it to two.
And if.
Okay.
The three.
The last one will be the elsewhere.
The validation part will go.
So here I have the user.
The validation will be the user has not typed in anything valid.
So we are going to go ahead and here I have used the LS statement here and just repeat the load.
We are going to go and back up to here.
So the first thing we have to do for input one firstly here for the input one.
Is to attacking the enemy.
That's what we have offered the user the first terrorist attack.
So here.
If they press one, we are going to attack the enemy.
Now, there is a few things we are going to do.
But this we are firstly going to set up two integers.
Okay.
So and we are going to say first one will be here, I will write damage.
Firstly, just write it and then I will.
Okay then you ought to have done right.
Not sorry
or not
mixed in
that.
Okay.
The under one integer damage taken.
Our dot next and under that world barometer of anime.
Attack damage.
Okay.
So the first thing we will have to do for input, one we have offered the user.
Firstly, no.
So there we have set up the two integers.
So we are going to say integer damage deal here and the integer damage taken.
Now, whenever you attack the enemy, you are going to deal some damage to them and they are going to
deal some damage to you.
So that's how the attack mechanism in this game is going to work.
So the damage deal is going to be equal to the random dot next.
And again, this matter generates a random number, random number between zero and the number you put
between these brackets.
The random damage that we are dealing is going to be between zero and our attack damage that we have
here.
So you can add these variables as you wish.
So random attack, damage.
So we are going to generate a random number between zero and 50.
We have 30 zero and 50.
Now, the damage taken is going to be equal to or not next.
And it's going to be pretty much the same thing, except we are going to go for the enemies attack damage.
Right.
So instead of over attack damage, we have got two variables here, damage field and the damage taken.
And they are equal to the random numbers between zero and the values we have settled on these variables
here, the attack damage and enemy attack damage here 30 and the 25.
So we need to do now, we simply need to take the health, the damage and take the number of it from
the enemy's health, the damage taken.
Take that away from our health so we could do that.
Pretty simple.
And we have seen it before.
We can say enemy health minus equals.
So here I will write enemy health.
We just put minus equals the damage to yield.
Okay.
And here just put health my know plus equal to damage taken
so we could do here we have we can say enemy health minus equals to damage deal and the hell this plus
equals damage taken so our health variable here our maximum previous health we are going to do my okay.
It will be the minus.
Sorry, the my minus one.
Okay.
Minus with the enemy.
Right.
So here, the one that we set up at the start, which is right now maximum health we are going to use
to minus it from the damage here.
Damage deal here.
So you can see now whenever the user inputs one, we are going to have random amount of health from
the enemy.
Then slowly but surely, enemy health will become less than zero.
So we will break out the while loop.
And then down here.
Here, down here.
Okay.
Mainly what we have to do.
Just a minute.
Slowly, we will take the enemy and it will become the zero less.
Okay.
So we will break out of the loop here and then down.
We are going to add some stuff.
And seeing you defeated the enemy.
Okay, we can put it.
You are defeating our enemy.
So.
Okay, firstly, I will do.
Firstly, I will print these variables by using system not case.
This not all dot print linear.
And notice I will write tabbed.
You strike the.
No enemy.
Nurse or.
Now my.
And just put the damage.
I'm done next which I need system dot dot print linear and simply take tab D and here I will write you
receive.
In.
What should I say?
A word which we need.
In that mistaken it should write.
Retaliation here.
Okay.
So we have added this system order print lines.
So now again, I have set this up beforehand.
So we are going to go ahead and tab and then we do.
Greater than sign here.
So here the greater sign.
Then we are going to see you strike the anatomy.
And here I have concatenate the name of the enemy and then say four and then concatenated the damage
deal and then the word damage.
So it's basically going to say you strike the enemy, name of the enemy for the X or the Y amount of
damage.
So whatever this damaged out variable was done blow were are going to pretty much do the same thing.
We are going to say system or print island.
Now we are going to go ahead and tap the backslash D and then we do the greater symbol here and then
we will see you see and concatenated the damage taken variable value and in retaliation.
So you receive the x amount of damage in retaliation.
So we have the values we have told the user and what value to all the player, what has happened in
the game.
And then we are going to go ahead and add a little check if we check here after that.
After that we will just create some check and we have check if happen.
We have tried and we are actually have not killed the enemy.
So firstly, I have.
What I can see.
If you have haven't kill the enemy.
If the enemy is killers, we are going to add a little if a statement and here we are going to say if
firstly, check with our health first.
So here I will write if our health is less than or just equal or equal to zero here.
And we can simplify and just see if our health is less than okay.
And.
Just zero.
Take it.
Let's see if our health is less than or equal to the zero.
So we will simply write system order for.